.TH delaunay 1 "June 2, 2008" "" "delaunay: constructs the constrained Delaunay triangulation of the input"

.SH NAME
delaunay \- constructs the constrained Delaunay triangulation of the input

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B delaunay
.RI [OPTION] < file.gts

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B delaunay
command. This command constructs the
constrained Delaunay triangulation of the input

.SH OPTIONS
This program follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-hull
Do not keep convex hull.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-noconst
Do not add constrained edges.
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-split
Split constraints (experimental).
.TP
.B \-H, \-\-holes
Remove holes from the triangulation.
.B \-d, \-\-duplicates
Remove duplicate vertices.
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-randomize
Shuffle input vertex list.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-check
Check Delaunay property.
.TP
.B \-f FNAME, \-\-files=FNAME
Generate evolution files.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-conform
Generate conforming triangulation.
.TP
.B \-s N, \-\-steiner=N
Maximum number of Steiner points for conforming triangulation (default is no limit).
.TP
.B \-q Q, \-\-quality=Q
Set the minimum acceptable face quality.
.B \-a A, \-\-area=A
Set the maximum acceptable face area.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Print statistics about the triangulation.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display the help and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
delaunay was written by Stephane Popinet <popinet@users.sourceforge.net>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Ruben Molina <rmolina@udea.edu.co>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
