.TH gts2oogl 1 "June 2, 2008" "" "gts2oogl: converts a GTS file to OOGL file format (Geomview)"

.SH NAME
gts2oogl \- converts a GTS file to OOGL file format (Geomview).

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gts2oogl
.RI [OPTION]... < input.srf > output.oogl

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B gts2oogl
command.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-G, \-\-gnuplot
Writes isolines in gnuplot format.
.TP
.B \-\-component
Color faces according to the component they belong too.
.TP
.B \-\-quality
Color faces according to their quality.
.TP
.B \-\-area
Color faces according to their area.
.TP
.B \-\-incomp
Color incompatible faces.
.TP
.B \-f VAL, \-\-fold=VAL
Color faces which make an angle smaller than VAL degrees with any of their neighbors.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-faces
Output individual faces.
.TP
.B \-\-epv
Color vertices according to number of edges per vertex.
.TP
.B \-H C, \-\-height=C
Color vertices according to their C coordinate.
.TP
.B \-g, \-\-gaussian
Color vertices according to Gaussian curvature.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-curvature
Color vertices according to mean curvature.
.TP
.B \-\-boundary
Output boundary edges.
.TP
.B \-e A, \-\-feature=A
Output `feature' edges defined by angle A
.TP
.B \-\-non-manifold
Output non-manifold edges.
.TP
.B \-\-duplicate
Output duplicate edges.
.TP
.B \-i N, \-\-isolines=N
Draw N isolines (levels of constant altitude).
.TP
.B \-I L, \-\-isolines=L
Draw isoline at level L.
.TP
.B \-\-cmap=FILE
Load FILE as colormap.
.TP
.B \-m VAL, \-\-min=VAL
Use VAL as minimum scaling value.
.TP
.B \-M VAL, \-\-max=VAL
Use VAL as maximum scaling value.
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-reverse
Reverse colormap.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-nosurface
Do not output surface.
.TP
.B \-F C, \-\-flatten=C
Set C coordinate to average value.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Display surface statistics.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display the help and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
gts2oogl was written by Stephane Pipinet <popinet@users.sourceforge.net>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Ruben Molina <rmolina@udea.edu.co>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
